FONTLOG for the Foundation Icons font

This file provides detailed information on the Foundation Icons font software.  This information should be distributed along with the Foundation Icons font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Foundation Icons is based on the icons used in signage and on computer screens shown in Foundation, the Apple TV+ series.

Documentation and source files can be found at github.com/rsperberg/foundation-icons-hand

Related OFL fonts based on designs used in Foundation are also located at GitHub:

- Foundation Titles Hand, based on the title sequence of Foundation is located at github.com/rsperberg/foundation-titles-hand

- Foundation One is based on the design used onscreen to indicate a change in context, time or location and is located at github.com/rsperberg/foundation-one

- Foundation Logo is based on the series’ logo design and is located at github.com/rsperberg/foundation-logo

- Foundation Screen is the design used for text displayed on computer screens, which is derived from Foundation One; it’s located at github.com/rsperberg/foundation-screen

- A version of Foundation One with serifs is planned, located at github.com/rsperberg/foundation-serif

Foundation Icons was created using iFontMaker, the iPad font-design tool made by Eiji and Tom, Inc., which you can find at 2ttf.com.  The font can also be downloaded from 2ttf.com/2FpjKKoN5ww (the Gallery at 2ttf.com hosts some 65,000 fonts created with iFontMaker that are available for downloading).

To contribute to the project, visit the Github page.

ChangeLog

14 November 2021 (Roger Sperberg) Foundation Icons version 0.1, containing 2 glyphs
- created Github repository with ttf and resource files, OFL and other information files and samples
- ttf file posted

Acknowledgments

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Roger Sperberg
E: glypheryfonts@gmail.com
W: http://glyphery.com
D: Designer - made original glyphs from icon designs seen onscreen in Foundation, an Apple TV+ series, designer unknown

Glyphery is a font foundry created by Roger Sperberg, located on the web at glyphery.com.

——
© 2021 GitHub, Inc.